Improvements to node template README (#14181)
paritytech/substrate: bin/node-template/README.md

  Each pallet configuration is defined by a code block that begins with `impl $PALLET_NAME::Config for Runtime`.
- The pallets are composed into a single runtime by way of the [`construct_runtime!`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_support/macro.construct_runtime.html) macro, which is part of the [core FRAME pallet library](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/frame-pallets/#system-pallets).

### Pallets

The runtime in this project is constructed using many FRAME pallets that ship with [the Substrate repository](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/frame) and a template pallet that is [defined in the `pallets`](./pallets/template/src/lib.rs) directory.

A FRAME pallet is comprised of a number of blockchain primitives, including:

- Storage: FRAME defines a rich set of powerful [storage abstractions](https://docs.substrate.io/build/runtime-storage/) that makes it easy to use Substrate's efficient key-value database to manage the evolving state of a blockchain.
- Dispatchables: FRAME pallets define special types of functions that can be invoked (dispatched) from outside of the runtime in order to update its state.

> - Events: Substrate uses [events](https://docs.substrate.io/build/events-and-errors/) to notify users of runtime updates.

Reviewer: IMO `updates` sounds too generic and could be anything, like a runtime update :P

Reviewer 2: to notify users of "significant changes of state" ?

Author: Updated this to use more accurate language. Good catch.

> - Events: Substrate uses [events](https://docs.substrate.io/build/events-and-errors/) to notify users of runtime updates.

Author: ```suggestion
- Events: Substrate uses [events](https://docs.substrate.io/build/events-and-errors/) to notify users of significant state changes.
```
